Add back in Vectorize link (#10909)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers-ai/_index.md

### Batteries inlcuded with a vector database

> Adding Vectorize, Cloudflare's new vector database, is a single click or CLI command away. This addon enables you to perform tasks such as semantic search, recommendations, anomaly detection or can be used to provide context + memory to an LLM. Head to over to the [Vectorize docs](/vectorize) to learn more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding Vectorize, Cloudflare's new vector database, is a single click or CLI command away. This addon enables you to perform tasks such as semantic search, recommendations, anomaly detection or can be used to provide context and memory to an LLM. Refer to the [Vectorize documentation](/vectorize/) to learn more. 
```
